Research the feasibility of finding membership based on the below:

Labs or test ordered - in the last 60 days

name: app_environment
channels:
  - snowflake
dependencies:
  - python=3.11.*
  - snowflake-snowpark-python=
  - streamlit=



I have created a stream lit app with python code in snowflake deV now I want to deploy it in PROD using github and how to strore it in github what components are in stream lit I need to fighure out how to deploy through githubSince your code currently lives in Snowflake DEV, you must first export it:
1.	Extract Code: Open your app in Snowsight, go to the Files tab in the editor, and copy the content of your .py files.
2.	Create Repository: Create a new private or public repository on GitHub.
3.	Upload Files: Add your streamlit_app.py and environment.yml to the root of this repository. You can do this via the GitHub Desktop app or by running git push from your local terminal. 
 Moser Consulting +4
3. How to Deploy to PROD through GitHub
Once your code is in GitHub, follow these steps in your Snowflake PROD account to deploy it:
1.	Set up Git Integration: Follow the official Snowflake Git setup to create a Secret (for your GitHub token) and an API Integration.
2.	Create Git Repository Object: Run the following SQL to link Snowflake to your repo:
sql
CREATE OR REPLACE GIT REPOSITORY prod_github_repo
  API_INTEGRATION = my_git_api_int
  GIT_CREDENTIALS = my_github_secret
  ORIGIN = 'https://github.com';
Use code with caution.
3.	Deploy the PROD App: Use the "Create from repository" option in the Snowsight UI.
1.	Go to Projects > Streamlit.
2.	Click the dropdown next to + Streamlit and select Create from repository.
3.	Select your prod_github_repo, the main branch, and your streamlit_app.py file.
4.	Automate Updates: Whenever you push changes to GitHub, run ALTER GIT REPOSITORY prod_github_repo FETCH; in Snowflake to pull the latest version into your production app. 
 Snowflake Docs +4



















clean SDLC approach.

Here’s what each step means:

1. Set up Snowflake Git integration in DEV
This is the one-time connection between Snowflake and your GitHub repo. You create the required Snowflake Git objects so Snowflake can access the remote repository. Snowflake documents this under Git setup.

2. Connect the DEV Streamlit app to the Git repo/branch
In Snowsight, open the existing Streamlit app, go to the Files tab, and choose Connect Git Repository. Then pick the repository and branch you want the app to sync with. Snowflake supports connecting an existing Streamlit app to a Git repository this way.

3. Use Push to Git from Snowsight
Once the app is connected, you can push the current app files from Snowsight into that Git branch using Push to Git. You’ll provide a commit message and Git credentials/PAT. This is the easiest way to get your existing DEV app into GitHub without manually copying every file.

4. In PROD, create the app from repository
In the PROD Snowflake account, go to Projects → Streamlit → Create from repository, then choose the repo, branch, and main .py file. Snowflake supports creating a Streamlit app directly from a file in a Git repository.

A couple of important notes:

This feature is documented by Snowflake as Git integration for Streamlit in Snowflake, and it includes connect existing app, push to Git, pull from branch, and create from repository.
If you want more automation later, Snowflake also documents CI/CD for Streamlit apps using Snowflake CLI + GitHub Actions.

A polished way to explain it to your manager:

“We’ll connect the DEV Streamlit app to a GitHub branch, push the current app code from Snowsight into Git, and then in PROD we’ll create the Streamlit app directly from that repository branch. That gives u
